---
title: "Hey, my four years"
description: "It is always my pleasure to meet you guys in my life, no goodbye, and best wishes"
date: 2019-06-27T18:02:12+08:00
type: "post"
---

##### it is not the ending, always with best wishes 

无意间翻到过去的一些照片 笔记 博客 甚至听歌 也会心头一酸  
lph这人呐 记性太好 
许多不太需要记住的东西都莫名其妙地放在他的小脑瓜里 

lph也太敏感
总试图用他自己的理解去揣测别人的可能根本没有的深意 

从本科到研究生
有好多东西都不舍得忘记

希望那些可爱的人儿都各自可爱吧

-   My friends, I have already been enjoying the days with you guys:  gd, yw, flq, yzz, xieqier, xiaowei....


- Guodong, you are a quite interesting person, in the chatting group, you seemed a little bit different from us, you have broad view about a lot related with art, with music, museums, digital devices. Sometimes, you are humorous, and narcissistic. I always remembered the days we were debugging the CPU, working with the database, and the days in New York. I think you had good days in NYC, right? I know, there still something that we are not the same, but this is life and friendships

- Yiwei, or xiaochuan. You are a man that lives in your world, I didn't remember exactly how to knew each other, it is the database? But you also have your own hobbies, you like singing, and sometimes, you are gloomy, kind of. A week ago, when I saw the iMessages from you unintentionally, I felt like how close we were, or we are still, running together, having jokes. You finally come to THU, a place I have never dreamed to. Hope one day I can pay a visit there, and try the canteens, and, you new bike.

- Qingqing. You provide a lot of bagua news in the chatting rooms, you complained about gsc, and you complement qq. I do think qq is a better guy, who is also more handsome. Now, you are alone in the UC, Davis, beautiful CA, and the seas. Kind of life that I wanted. Find a boy friend now.

- Uncle John/Zhang, thanks for you help with the a lot of things in US. And enjoyed the two meals with you, and the Great Wall trip with you, and the end of my Beijing journey. I thought it is a good ending, although I did not say farewell. Hope you can have a baby, really. 

- Chensi Wu, you are so tall and cute boy, I have nice days in your your bedroom(Joke). Hope you can successfully graduate in this year, and get a good job in Beijing, then find a girl friend and get married. You are already not young.

- Xiong Ying. It's hard to say, my old friend. We are in good relationship in the first two years, but later, we less contact each other.  Nearly graduate, I asked about your status, and at that time, I felt a little bit sorry for how we two become. But luckily, we finally seem to get  familiar in our latest conversation about the iPad things. Hope that smart you, can explore what you want in IoP, CAS.

- Yang Zhenze, or yzz. You are such a smart guy! You are diligent, why you cannot be more confident when you compete with others?  You are so nice always, except sometimes, you are lazy. You now at MIT, a future researcher/dalaoer. Enjoyed the four years with you in the same room. But also sorry, there is no formal ending and goodbye from me. Enjoy your life, and find a gf.

- Xieqier, Handsomeboy Xieqier, this is something quite like your wifi name? to be honest, I do not quite like style of photography, secretly speaking, however, it is excellent, I have to say. You now at JHU, a place for biology/chemistry scientist like you. I am sorry sometimes I am not too friendly to you when talking especially I am busy with my work. And I am sorry there is no goodbyes between we two. Best wishes.

- Luwei, Xiaowei Lu. It is quite interesting you nick name omits the second word in your full name. You are the best and the most considerate person I have ever met, ever, so that, sometimes I get used to your kindness. You always give me a hand when I need, and towards me, I always refuse you haha. If I had another chance, I would like to spend more time with you about something that you like. Now you are having a hard time for the exams, sometimes I send you messages to remind you to study, as I really hope you can have a good results. You can be better, please do not limit yourself in the scope what you used to be.


I do not know how I randomly write these words down. Hope you guys continue to shine in your circles. Me, standing by, is always here. I have to continue my work, do something that I like or I have to, but the memories, saved.

