### Title: Iodine: Fast Dynamic Taint Tracking Using Rollback-free Optimistic Hybrid Analysis
Dynamic taint tracking is useful for security purposes. However, it is less practical as the heavy performance overhead when all instructions have to be instrumented and monitored. Previous works developed an optimized hybrid analysis (OHA) that uses a predicated static analysis to guide dynamic instrumentation. However, if the assumptions (likely invariant) in the static analysis fail, the dynamic part has to roll back from the beginning to guarantee the soundness. This can be expensive in practice.

This work proposes safe elisions based on a predicated static analysis in the optimized hybrid analysis. Only instructions that are proven to be safe will be elided in the forward taint analysis. By the analysis of the instructions and assumption invariant, ensures that the recovery when assumptions fail does not need to be conducted from the beginning (rolling-free), because the failure does not affect the instructions executed before. In particular, the paper focuses on noop instructions that do not change the metadata state and shows that noop instructions are a perfect target of safe elisions. In the predicated backward taint analysis, the analysis still performs in a conservative manner due to the soundness of monitor elisions cannot be ensured.

With the predicated static analysis, monitors on safe instructions are elided, resulting in fewer monitors compared with the conservative static analysis method. In the dynamic analysis, whenever the assumption fails, the program can smoothly switch to the conservative monitor copy, which also ensures soundness.

In the evaluation, compared with existing conservative predicated static analysis based OHA and complete dynamic analysis, the proposed tool, Iodine,  achieves over 400% and 27% runtime overhead reduction. Besides, Iodine introduces more memory usage because of the two copies of programs. Seeing the performance of the tool itself, the predicated static analysis is fast and scalable. Also, the experiments about the profiling part can be accurate in most of the concerned invariant.
