### Title: Meddling Middlemen: Empirical Analysis of the Risks of Data-Saving Mobile Browsers

#### Summary

Some mobile browsers provide a data-saving option that diverts network traffic through intermediate proxies, which perform the application-level logic operations, to reduce the network data and client-side computation. This paper comprehensively studies the security risks of such data-saving browsers (DSBs) from dimensions of infrastructure, encryption, protocol headers, application behavior, and user experience. The authors collect nine DSBs on Google Play Store and conduct the experiments on real devices running Android 8.1. Firstly, this paper measure the amount of data used by each DSB when visiting Alexa top 100 websites. The results reveal that DSBs proxying HTTPS traffic save up to 84% of mobile data. UC browser and UC-Mini consume more data as they do not proxy HTTPS traffic. Secondly, with a study of 30 days, the number of IP addresses range from less than 100 to over 1,000. The authors also observe that even from the same vendor, a different number of IP addresses (endpoint servers) are used for UC browsers. Similarly, the proxy gateway server IP addresses vary among DSBs. Thirdly, to understand the influence of intermediate servers proxying user requests, this paper studies the ReCAPTCHA score by periodically visiting several websites and finally a controlled ReCAPTCHA-protected page. The results suggest that, with data saving enabled, the users are more likely to experience resource restrictions and validations. Fourthly, in terms of the security issues in DSBs, the paper finds that the DSBs proxying HTTPS introduce weak cipher suites, and posing security threats to end-users. Besides, the SSL certificate error is not well handled in some DSBs as the errors appearing in the proxies do not propagate to the client-side browsers, for example, expired, self-signed SSL certificate, etc. Such insecure handling can be exploited for many well-known attacks, such as man-in-the-middle attacks. Fifthly, the intermediate proxies manipulate the content, for example, the headers can be changed or even removed. No content leakage is observed in the experiments yet.

The experiments are conducting in a way treating the intermediate proxy servers as black boxes (actually there is no means to make it white or grey :-) ). The client-side interactions and server-side web content, however, can be crafted and under control. The monitoring of the content manipulation is done by either tracing the traffic, hooking the SSL APIs or the browser applications. 