### Title: Temporal System Call Specialization for Attack Surface Reduction 
#### Summary 
This paper presents *temporal specialization*, a new method to remove attack surface by restricting the available system calls based on different execution phases. Instead of treating each application as a single, monolithic entity with an unchanging set of requirements during the whole application's lifetime, the authors observe that different phases of execution might require a different set of system calls. In particular, for server applications, some dangerous system calls, e.g., execve, are only used in the initialization phase of an application, and not used in the serving phase. By limiting such dangerous system calls in the serving phase, the application will not expose such attack surface to attackers anymore.

To do this, this paper first requires an expert to identify the boundary between the initialization phase and the serving phase. It then builds a precise call graph by adding argument type and taken address pruning to the SVF's field-sensitive point-to analysis. In detail, the paper checks the argument types to narrow down the scope of the target functions in each call site, and checks whether the address of the target is stored at some point in the program, reachable from the main function. From the call graph, this tool then identifies the needed system calls for each phase and limits the usage of other unneeded system calls in the serving phase.

The evaluation part shows that the two pruning methods can significantly reduce spurious call edges, and more critical system calls can be removed in the two phases of execution. The paper also reveals that the design can break the exploit shellcode and ROP payloads compared with library debloating. Besides, the method can remove more known vulnerabilities in the underlying kernel. Overall, by dividing the application execution into phases, keeping less available system calls makes the server applications more secure.

#### Personal comments 
The observation that motivates this work is quite profound and interesting. Some server applications own distinct execution phases, which have different requirements. It might not always be feasible for other applications rather the server applications.
However, the benefits of *temporal specialization* are obvious, i.e., fewer system calls (code) are kept. Stand in the shoes of the author(s), perhaps I will not have section 6.3 Exploit Code Mitigation in my mind for the evaluation. 
