#### Title: Automatic Hot Patch Generation for Android Kernels
Android ecosystem has many customized versions of Android systems above the official Android release from Google. The customized Android kernel vendors do not apply the upstream security patches in time due to the cost of applying the changes and functionality testing. Hot patch technique applies the patches without shutting down the applications, is shown to be feasible to fix some Android system bugs. However, writing hot patches based on official patches is challenging.

In this work, the authors first formally define hot patch generation, and then describe the scope that hot patch is capable of. The paper studies the patches from CVEs from 2012 to 2016, and categorize them based on the modification of the function code. It shows that around half of CVEs' patches perform sanity testing by adding constraints (e.g., preconditions and postconditions). 17.4% of patches are fixed through calling functions. Based on the observation of CVE's patches and the definition of hot patch generation, the paper defines the scope of their proposed tool, Vulmet. Vulmet is able to support Sanity testing type and also part of the function call type if no data modification is contained in the patch.

Vulmet first selects the best location to insert the hot patch and then leverages the weakest precondition analysis on the official patches (based on symbolic variable reasoning) to find the equivalent constraints for the customized Android kernel. For function calls and loops, Vulmet tries a summary based approach to reasoning the constraints; if data modification is contained or it is too complicated, the process will be skipped.

The evaluation results show that Vulmet can successfully generate 59 patches, 4 of which are incorrect. Most of the patches show similar logic with human-written ones. To study the efficiency, the generated hot patches do not introduce much runtime overhead.
