---
title: 2019-09  
date: 2019-09-01
description: "It is a difficult month"
tags: 
    - Random
password: password
abstract: 加密了呀:)
message: 被加密了o_o~
wrong_pass_message: 这个密码不太对ya
wrong_hash_message: lppppppppp.

---

--------
--------
I am feeling stressful,
I do not know the reason.
There is nothing wrong with Prof's high expectation.
But I just cannot finish it well.
I denied myself in my mind.
When facing such complicated constraints.
I might need to consider QUIT?
From this project,
OR
From my Ph.D.
I want to have a sick.
To escape from the current situation.

<!--more-->

2019/09/10

--------

I finally bought an Aripods and liked it.
I could not sleep enough,
I am lazy to canteens.
Day after day, I do not know why life sometimes is not happy at all.
It is filled with irrelevant news, water-messages with friends.
They bring me some fun, but not last.
What I want and what I am eager to.
Is the question I have to answer.


2019/09/15

--------

There is no window in the office,
The window here means the real window,
Instead of the one from Microsoft.
The lights are always on, day and night,
The air conditioners are always cooling.
I am always in a state lacking sleeping or sleepy,
I am always feeling hungry,
I am always feeling cold.
I want to have a window,
To see the sights outside,
The time flies,
And share my emotions.
I would be happy 

2019/09/19 

--------

In most of time, I am positive and optimistic.
And in the rest corners, I am down about lots of things.
I start to post out my feelings in a place,
Where not so many people know.
Later, I found not only me, but everyone else 
have their own secrets hidden from others.
YW is sick in hospital, but I do not anything about that. 
Maybe there are some unhappy things happened to other friends.
Wuhu 

2019/09/19 

--------

I was in the pressure of my other two colleagues,
I complain about this project.
But I feel lucky to work with Prof. 
He is so considerate and nice.
My project finally have some update,
But totally different from what I had before.
Hope everything will be okay.

2019/09/19 

--------
Yesterday, 
Part of reason of me,
Caused a really uncomfortable conversation in group,
Between Weikang and Mingxue.
Kind of guilty, a little bit.
Though I know I was only the fuse,
Some gap existed just in there.
Cannot image how long it would take,
To survive from the embarrassing env.
Other chatting groups I am in, 
Now are also filled with complains/sadness, anger.
This is life, we have to grow up in an 
atmosphere where others no sense to me.

2019/09/19 

--------

Keep away from Weibo, which is full of junk information.
Learn to Stay alone.
My little niece is so cute.

2019/09/21

--------
Sometimes, I tend to be lazy.
I do not want to work at all.
And the period lasts for a little bit long than it is supposed to.
I hesitate, sometimes excited.
Write some more code and get a paper,
That's awesome.
A note is that, please be reminded to carefully 
consider about your choice of advisor, and research topic.
Especially at the beginning of your research journey.
I feel part of lucky to own half of it.
The bad thing is that, the first half is in favor of the second,
while the second half does not have its words.
Still quite happy to see, the changes in me as a rpg student.

2019/09/21

--------
最近的睡眠越来越差,
晚上总是很晚很晚睡不着,
早上有时能挣扎着起床，
偶尔也会一觉睡过。
为什么总会在各种无关紧要的事情上浪费时间呢？
为什么自己不能快活的debug呢？
为啥自己缺少了让自己努力的动力了？

2019/09/22

--------
有时候发现一些东西并没有想象中那么困难，但是我总能给自己找一些借口让自己懒惰下去。怎么可以这样子呢？

2019/09/23

--------
Bought some shrimps, some dumplings, I need some more broccoli, eggs, and some condiments.
Then Chef LI comes out.  Then I can have breakfast and make-up dinner everyday. And then I gain weight.
Men in their middles usually gain weight, some of my brothers do so too. I really hate that, being thin makes me look younger.
Cannot image how I will behave when I gain 20 more kg.

2019/09/23

--------
Sometimes, you have such kind of feeling of achievement when you finally have something done. Just at that moment, you are really happy. However, that happiness does not because of research itself, but from your inner compliment. 
I should not waste my time any more.

2019/09/24

--------
Btw, I do not like shrimps at all. I felt wired about the taste.

2019/09/24

--------
Sleep less, eat less.
Recently

2019/09/26

--------
I get used to sleep till 3 or 4 am in the morning, and even at that time, I am not always quite sleepy.
And now, usually, I can successfully get up at usual time, 8:30 or later, and arrive the office at about 9.
I have to have a long nap in the noon, about 1-2 hours everyday, but I am not too sleepy to not able to work at all.
It becomes a regular thing.

2019/09/27

------
